py main.py <dungeon-file>+

for example: py main.py dungeons/dun1 dungeons/dun2 dungeons/dun3

    or equivalently

    py main.py dungeons/dun[1-3]

you can start the console by pressing backquote (the key below ESC)

you can quit the game by entering 'q' in the console (without the
quotes)

you can restart the current game by entering 'r' (without the quotes)
in the console.

each dungeon has at least one spawn position. if the hero dies in a
dungeon, he is respawned at the next spawn position (the first one
from left to right, top to bottom relative to the last spawn
position). if there are no more spawn positions, the game is over.

an actor is a term which collectively describes heroes and enemies.

the game is won when all enemies (marked with the letter E) are dead
or the hero (marked with the letter H) moves to a gateway (marked with
the letter G).

the positions marked with T contain tresure chests. when an actor
moves to a treasure chest, he recieves it's item and the treasure
chest dissapears. an item can be a weapon or spell, or a health or
mana potion.

the positions marked with # contain obstacles. no actor can move to an
obstacle and no spell can pass trough an obstacle.

the positions marked with a dot are walkable. spells can only travel
trough such positions.

each actor has 'fist damage'. you can attack using a fist by pressing
'f' and then one of the arrow keys to determine the direction {2, 4,
6, 8}. 2 means down, 4 left, 6 right, 8 up. look at the numpad to see
why this arrangement was chosen.

an actor can have only one spell and only one weapon. actors start
with a default spell which deals no damaga and a default weapon which
deals no damage

each spell cast takes some of the mana of the actor. after each turn,
some of the actor's mana is regenerated. how much is determined by the
actor's mana regeneration rate, and it may be different for all
actors.
